In this video,
I'll show you how to make a summarizer.
You will use the transformer built in
the last video and put it to work.
Let's dive in.
>> First, I'll show you a brief
overview of the transformer model code.
Then you'll see some technical
details about the data processing for
summarization.
At the end of this video you'll see how
to make inferences with a language model.
First, take a look at the problem you
will solve in this week's assignments.
As input, you get whole news articles.
As output, your model is expected to
produce the summary of the articles.
That is few sentences that's
mentioned the most important ideas.
To do this you will use the transformer
model that I showed you in previous
videos.
But the one thing may
immediately stand out to you.
Transformer only takes text as inputs and
predict the next word.
For summarization, it turns out you
just need to concatenate the inputs,
in this case, the article,
and put the summary after it.
Let me show you how.
Here is an example of how to
create inputs features for
training the transformer from
an article and its summary.
The input for the model is a long
text that starts with a news article,
then comes the EOS tag, the summary,
and then another EOS tag.
As usual, the input is tokenized
as a sequence of integers.
Here 0 denotes padding, and 1 EOS.
And all other numbers for
the tokens for different words.
When you're on the transformer on this
input, it will predict the next word by
looking at all the previous ones, but
you do not want to have a huge loss in
the model just because it's not
able to predict the correct ones.
And that's why you have
to use a weighted loss.
Instead of averaging the loss for
every word in the whole sequence,
you weight the loss for
the words within the article with 0s, and
the ones within the summary with 1s.
So the model only focuses on the summary.
However, when there is little data for
the summaries, it's actually helps
to weight the article loss with nonzero
numbers say 0.2 or 0.5 or even 1.
That way the model is able to learn word
relationships that are common in the news.
You'll not have to do it for
this week's assignment, but
it's good that you have this in mind for
your own applications.
Another way to look at what I discussed
in the previous slide is by looking
at the cost function.
Which sounds the losses over the words J,
within the summary for
every example I in the batch.
So the cost function is a cross entropy
function that ignores the words from
the article to be summarized.
Now that you know how to construct
the inputs and the model,
you can train your transformer summarizer.
Recall again, the transformers
predict the next word, and
your inputs is in news article.
At test or inference time, you will
input the article with the EOS token to
the model and ask for the next word,
it is the first word of the summary.
Then you will ask for
the next word, and the next, and so
on until you get the EOS token.
When you run your transformer model,
it generates a probability
distribution over all possible words.
You will sample from this distribution.
So each time you run this process
you'll get a different summary.
I think you will have fun experimenting
with this in the coding exercise.
So in this video you saw how to implement
a transformer decoder for summarization.
As a key points,
the model aims to optimize a weighted
cross entropy function that
focuses on the summary.
The summarization task is
basically text generation,
with the whole article as input.
>> This week you have learned how
to build your own transformer, and
you have used it to create a summarizer.
I hope you enjoy the journey.
Transformer is a really powerful
model that's not hard to understand.
Next week you honest will show you
how to get even better results.
You will use a more powerful version
of transformer with pre-training.
Don't miss it.